# Team 31 History
This is just built so we can keep a record of everything we have done so far and what we need to do in the future. Feel free to update things, add or remove stuff.

## Project Contributors

### Team Leader
- [Marco Mehta](psymm9@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk)
### Team Administrator
- [Elliot Ray](psyer4@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk)

### Git Admin
- [Justin Cheung](psyjc24@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk)

### Developers
- [Chao Fang](scycf1@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk)
- [Mikhail Kolyakin](efymk3@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk)
- [Equilius Chamberlain](psyec4@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk)
- [George Cook](psygc3@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk)
- [John Camento](psyjc21@exmail.nottingham.ac.uk)

## Projects Shortlist
1. food AI brief = 75 points
2. centipede port = 71 points
3. super mario bros = 67 points
4. quantum arkanoid = 64 points
5. police dark web = 58 points
6. car modelling = 58 points
7. nestle = 56 points
8. carbon impacts of transactions = 51 points
9. strategy game = 49 points
10. unidays snap match = 45 points
11. squash = 42 points
12. delivery route planning = 34 points
13. legal contracts = 24 points

## Projects selected
- [BJSS Food AI brief](https://moodle.nottingham.ac.uk/pluginfile.php/10088915/mod_resource/content/0/BJSS-FoodAIBrief.pdf)
- [Centiport](https://moodle.nottingham.ac.uk/pluginfile.php/10084241/mod_resource/content/0/FeralInteractive-Centiport.pdf)
- [Cargobot with structure](https://moodle.nottingham.ac.uk/pluginfile.php/10168901/mod_resource/content/0/UoN-CargobotWithStructure.pdf)

## Plan for upcoming meetings
- [GRP Plan](./assets/Project Notes.md)

## Future Activities
- Wednesday 4th October 2023 11:00 - 13:00 in A32, "Regular Meeting"
- Monday 9th October 2023 9:00 - 11:00 in JC-BS-SOUTH-A25+, "Team Work Activity 5"
- Wednesday 11th October 2023 11:00 - 13:00 in A32, "Regular Meeting"
- Wednesday 18th October 2023 11:00 - 13:00 in A32, "Regular Meeting"

## Past Activities
Wednesday 27 September 2023 12:00 - 13:00, Met with team in Library Study Room.
- introductions
- selected roles
- discussed team standards and conflict resolution
- went over the projects

Wednesday 4th October 2023 11:00 - 13:00 in A32, "Regular Meeting"
- [Meeting Transcript](./assets/Project Notes.md)

Thursday 5th October 2023 14:00 - 14:20 in A32, "Project 3 discussion"
- [Meeting Transcript](./assets/Project Notes.md)
- only 5/8 members showed up, rest in process of catching up

## Support & Assistance

Should you encounter any issues or need to discuss matters of a personal nature, Marco, our team leader, is readily available to assist. Please feel free to send him a direct message or reach out via the email provided above.

For external support options:

- [University Support Team](https://www.nottingham.ac.uk/studentservices/help/index.aspx)
- [Wellbeing Support Service](https://www.nottingham.ac.uk/studentservices/services/support-and-wellbeing-service.aspx)
